{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1\
Speak kind words that uplift those around you.\
If you don\'92t have anything nice to say, then don\'92t say it at all.\
2\
Forego idle complaints.\
Life is so much more pleasant when one has a positive attitude\
3\
Make a conscious effort to be aware of the needs of others around you.\
Loving others is one of the hardest tasks we are set, but it is also one of the most rewarding.\
4\
Be thankful for the little things.\
Always remember you have so much to be grateful for.\
5\
Look for the best in all situations.\
-\
6\
Set goals for the week and accomplish them.\
Make your word your bond, starting with yourself.\
7\
When someone comes into your space, be attentive and listen.\
Listening to others attentively, is an act of humility.\
8\
Lend a hand to a stranger this week.\
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of another. Charles Dickens.\
9\
Make it a point to be patient this week with people, work, etc.\
Patience is the calm acceptance that things can happen in a different order than the one you have in mind. David G. Allen.\
10\
Tell a friend how much you appreciate them; you never know what an impact your words may have.\
Friends are like Angels who lift you up when your wings have forgotten how to Fly.\
11\
Be respectful of time.\
Time management is Life management.\
12\
Focus on your gifts and talents and how you can use them to make a difference in your community\
We are all blessed with special talents, shine your unique light and share it with the world\
13\
Commit to speaking to greeting people that you do not know this week and share kind words.\
A joyful person life is contagious.\
14\
Be open to other people\'92s thoughts and opinions.\
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You\'92re able to benefit from the unique viewpoint of others, without being crippled by your own judgement. Ralph Marston.\
15\
Smile more!\
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness. William Arthur Ward.\
16\
Gather your friends and/or family to find ways to be kind to the environment.\
We never know the importance of water until the well is dry.\
17\
Learn how to set a table properly and invite family and friends over for dinner.\
Family and friends that eat at a table together, stay together.\
18\
What are three things that you are fearful of that stops you from being the best that you can be. How are you going to conquer these fears?\
Don\'92t be afraid of failure; be afraid of never trying.\
19\
Show random acts of kindness this week\
-\
20\
Appreciate where you are at this moment in your life.\
You are where you were meant to be.\
21\
Embrace the things in nature that speak to you.\
Kindness is the language that the deaf can hear and the blind can see.\
22\
Bring sunshine to lifeless places.\
A joyful spirit inspires joy in others and is a pleasure to behold\
23\
Be the example for your surroundings, with virtuous behavior.\
Five things constitute perfect virtue: gravity, magnanimity, earnestness, sincerity, and kindness. Confucius.\
24\
Treat people the way you want to be treated.\
Creating a complete hospitality heart focuses on these five principles: love, hospitality, grace, civility, heart, home, and community.\
25\
Look within your heart and see how you can transform it to be better and do better to help in this world.\
\'93No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.\'94 Charles Dickens\
26\
What activities do you or can you do that will help you be at your best. (i.e. exercise, volunteer, quiet time, etc.)\
Our best doing is our best enjoyment\
27\
Reach out to an elderly person that is important in your life and thank them for how they have supported and lifted you.\
It takes a person of great heart to see the wisdom the elders have to offer, and so serve them out of gratitude for the life they have passed on to us. Ken Nerburn\
28\
Go and introduce yourself to a neighbor, find a homeless shelter, a school, a foundation that speaks to your heart, and volunteer where\'92re you can use your gifts and talents.\
A joyful spirit inspires joy in others and is a pleasure to behold\
29\
Write a handwritten note to someone special and say thank you.\
A handwritten note is timeless and it shows a willingness to go beyond the status quo.\
30\
Life a life to be proud of.\
\'93The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don\'92t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, and you will fill yourself with hope.\'94 Barack Obama\
31\
Focus on the things that make you feel pleased, because you know you gave it your best effort.\
\'93The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.\'94 Ralph Waldo Emerson\
32\
If someone is not pleasant towards you, make it a point not to take it personally.\
Nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a project of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you wont be the victim of needless suffering. Miguel Ruiz\
33\
Discover ways to create positive memories for your family, friends and relatives.\
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory. Dr. Seuss\
34\
Use Social media wisely.\
T H I N K before using Social Media - (T - Is it True, H - Is it Helpful, I - Is it inspiring, N - Is it Necessary, K - Is it Kind)?\
35\
Think of and act in ways that can produce more Civility in your workplace or school.\
Civility, starts with you, if not, then who?\
36\
Think of and act in ways that can produce more harmony in your home.\
Live in unity and harmony.\
37\
Connect with people that you normally would not give a chance.\
It\'92s our differences that make us beautiful and unique. Focus on the good in all people.\
38\
Don\'92t turn your head to bullying. If you see someone being bullied, stand up and let them\
Your words have power, use them to lift up others not to tear them down.\
39\
Spend several minutes today simply sitting and enjoy the gift of silence\
Rejoice in the moment.\
40\
Each day wake up with a heart of gratitude.\
Focus on the good in life and you will find it.\
41\
Be hopeful for your future. List out ways you will make a positive impact in this world.\
Hope is one of the most powerful motivators in the world\
42\
Live each day to the fullest, seeking to show Civility through your words, actions, and attitudes.\
It isn\'92t what we say or think that defines us, it\'92s what we do.\
43\
Volunteer to work with an organization that feeds your passions.\
Leap and the Net Shall Appear.\
44\
Spend at least 10 minutes a day doing something that you love.\
Do what you love and do it often\
45\
Be sensitive to your needs and assert yourself in situations that compromise you.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 One of the greatest gifts that you do for yourself, is to set clear boundaries for what works for you.\
46\
Take time to apologize for your wrong doings.\
Apology leads to forgiveness, forgiveness leads to freedom.\
47\
Keep your voice levels at levels that respect your environment.\
Confidence is silent, insecurities is loud.\
48\
Mind your body.\
Your body is your temple, treat it as such.\
49\
Lift others through kind words.\
Never under estimate the power of a kind word.\
50\
Embrace the spirit of laughter.\
Laughing is contagious - laugh more often and infect the world!\
51\
Incorporate activities in your life (i.e. exercise, classes, etc.) that help you to be the best you can be.\
When you are at your best, you can give your best.\
52\
Be thankful for all things in your life.\
When you walk with gratitude for the good and the bad in your life, you understand the blessings of life.}